The other immediately went to Takamatsu Otakami-cho
It is the end of the year, and those who make udon over the course of four in the four process may not be good either
Also program staff last property if the pilgrimage this year by say
It is said that it is used on the cliff that was to Toshiko
We will introduce noodle shop you are loved by the local
Bakukake udon with fragrant grilled and proud
The taste was in the Noodles of Commitment
Yeah yeah yeah
Oshima Udon of Takamachi Otakamicho facing the Shioe Highway
It is a 59-year-old self shop for the village that originally started from the statement
Third generation master who saw figure of grandfather and father who make work from childhood
Proud of you are also wholesale, such as close to super and the udon of Oshima want to taste in many people
Udon is a taste of the same as the shop to eat at home
The first thing I got is a baking menu of a popular menu
That kind of price respect tool is a little characteristic-
It is true that I have entered Aoe, which I have raised after being raised in the forest.
tree
Such a star
May I have a bit
I will not candidate for tomorrow
You can also have noodles
It is good to be a shrine maiden of the city, but I'm good while leaving my back
Was to smooth, that moment is a little characteristic Yes Sir
Ne
Well, festival
Do not had a raise and lower in savory to door
Have Tsu load save data
It is not delicious delicious
Boo ー
Finishing while keeping the motor and making a leader
It contains a commitment
Even if it is sticking to anything
We mix seven kinds of powders a year
It is proud that the taste does not change even if time passes
Did you say I was holding down at the supermarket and saying
Ear- kun
The name that you can taste well
That's right Home we continue to it auto pursuit
I 'm just pointing a bit, but the customers who buy in the supermarket are
And who choose the horse of not 's price
n The well is still several times the county prefecture This is no longer there is no public office like this
Passion for movement is hot There are two numbers
Another popular menu made by Mutsu and her husband to make such noodles
Japanese style Chinese homemade Chinese noodle and noodle soup
It is 2 are making there game in his place force
I make it from powder
This time, we were over the sesame oil to accent
You wish
It's pretty April , so I smell good sesame seeds-
It is delicious there
It is Ozawa what, of course, udon customers, but only midway customers
I can come in the morning so I can not always say this Japanese Chinese
Customers who only eat Chinese food
I have a depression panic already
Now I am prepared to love things connected with the spirit
Wear for customers who who have loved until now
Another without increasing feelings also heating and cooling parts of thanks
Name that says Do not want to make people only a er Mont There is also much much still it
Yes
Maybe it 's my show
Oshima Udon made by a master who is full of udon love
It is delicious by all means